Of course you will lose.
Because Ma Liang has always been on my side
Princess, I'm done.
It's time for you to keep your promise
I'm taking my brother and Sophie out of here with me
I see
I don't know when Ma Liang betrayed me
His Majesty the Emperor
Ma Liang never promised you anything from start to finish
How could you betray?
I see
It was when the young birds were plotting against the sloppy general
It's all planned
Someone take it down
Humph
Princess, it's all done
Almost keep the promise, no problem
You can leave the Rakshasa Kingdom
If I remember correctly
I said when it's done
I must take my brother and Sophie away with me
Don't push your luck.
If you don't want to go
Can not leave
Forever that's nothing to talk about
Even if I default
What can you do to me?
I took the pencil.
What is the difference between you and ordinary people?
Guess what?
Why did I leave alone just now?
I didn't want to do it here
But don't make me
Then you try it.
Zofie, what do you mean?